 #### 从业余爱好者到专业开发者之路
 
 
and restaurant jobs. I had just left college, and didn’t know what I was going to do with my life.
I had a lot of ideas, but no direction. During that time, I started teaching myself programming. At first it was a hobby. I thought it was cool to be able to build things using nothing but my brain and some code.
But then I started thinking about where my life was going, and saw this as a potential living.
At first, I put the idea out of my head. I couldn’t afford real education. I already dropped out of college once because of money, and if I went in for computer science, I’d have to start over.
I’d leave with 6 years of school and well over $50,000 in debt if I took that route. So that wasn’t an option.
Then I started thinking that I could teach myself web development well enough to get an internship.
My initial plan was to introduce myself to a few companies in my town, and ask if they would want to meet with me. I wanted to discuss the potential of me working with them while I was in school. That way I could pay for school and get some experience at the same time.
So I got serious about web development.
Instead of tinkering I started to build a real portfolio and document my skills.
I started becoming active on places like Stack Overflow.
I built a few practical applications and put them on GitHub. They were nothing fancy, but they demonstrated that I knew how to code.
One company didn’t offer me a part time job. They didn’t say to come back after I had my degree. They offered me a full-time job on a 6 month trial basis as their new Junior Developer.
I was over the moon. It turns out that once I got serious and started developing with a purpose, I taught myself quite a bit.
I was able to answer their questions. I was able to walk them through the modest applications I had built. And I was able to explain how my projects worked.
I stayed at that company for two and a half years, and then took a job as a web developer for the city I live in.
